MP crisis: MLAs held captive should be released, I'm ready for floor test, says CM Kamal Nath

In 2019, the Lok Sabha had 43% MPs with a criminal record, up from about 23% in 2004. Political parties that give tickets to such candidates are directly responsible for this. 

The BJP accused the speaker of following unlawful procedure to accept Kol’s resignation.

I admire your strength of character and courage. It’s good to be on the same team. Welcome to the BJP,” Vasundhara Raje tweeted.

But just ahead of the polls, the Congress saw half-a-dozen MLAs resign, casting a doubt on whether the party's high-profile candidate Ahmed Patel would win or not

Ruling alliance members Shiv Sena, Congress and NCP can comfortably win a seat each, as a single candidate needs 37 votes.

Trinamool Congress will undertake a "BJP chi chi (shame shame)" campaign in all blocks of West Bengal on Friday protesting against the "genocide" in Delhi

BJP is responsible for the genocide.

Campaign will also raise "chi chi" slogans against the BJP for enacting the Citizenship (Amendment) Act

Such people (BJP) have no place in our country

BJP was making "too much of a fuss" in the state.

They only indulge in hate politics, they are the garbage of hate politics,

Nobody - be it Hindus, Muslims, scheduled castes, tribes, women or children - gets justice in Delhi

Mamata Banerjee also found fault with the BJP's Hindutva plank, and said "They chant Hindu Hindu, but in Assam they have undertaken a Hindu hatao programme".

She also charged the BJP with carrying out atrocities against the scheduled caste people in Tripura.

In Assam, the BJP is torturing tribals.

In Jharkhand, during your rule, you snatched the land of tribals.

Ranjan Gogoi takes oath as member of Rajya Sabha amid chants of shame, walkout by Oppn

People of Assam would like to see that their interest against migrants is secured.

NRC update is not complete and fate of 19 lakh people hangs in balance, opposition said

The BJP has given a call of "mission 100" - to win at least 100 seats in next year's election. Now it has 62 MLAs and certainly needs a larger voter base.

"Will it be another Hindu-Muslim matter? Will it be done in a way that Muslim seats will go down? Then it will reveal their unholy intention.

state unit of the BJP will felicitate him for the passage of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill in Parliament

Haryana Congress MLAs led by Leader of the Opposition Bhupinder Singh Hooda held a protest march outside the Assembly complex against the State government for its alleged non-fulfilment of promises made during the 2019 Assembly poll campaign.

“This government has not taken one single step to fulfil the promises it has made in the election manifesto. 

Corruption and scams were at it peak in Haryana yet the government is not keen to investigate the allegations, be it paddy or mining scam. 

We have been demanding a CBI probe but why is the government reluctant?” asked Mr. Hooda

The BJP is a ruling party. It is expected to follow certain norms and democratic principles but it is now seriously in the business of poaching MLAs and stealing governments.

To add to the woes of the party, Scindia and at least 17 MLAs, believed to be supporting him, suddenly became 'incommunicado' on Monday, leading to intense speculation.

The BJP, sources said, could take advantage of the disenchantment among the senior Congress leaders against the Chief Minister.

While at LSE, he sat down with Tom Wilkinson (LSE) to discuss the role students can play in Indian politics, the recent student protests and the future of the Congress Party.

I don’t think that the government should really have let it go that far. 

They really had to listen to the students who were demanding nothing but a reasonable and practical way of functioning.

The TRS which has two-third of majority has already shifted its representatives to private resorts before the election.

Nath said the BJP has been unsuccessfully trying, with the help of mafias, to destabilise the Congress government in the state.

In late-night political drama on Tuesday, the Congress accused the BJP of having taken eight MLAs to a hotel in Haryana as part of a conspiracy to topple the state government.

During his last official visit to India, former U.S. President Barack Obama had at least cautioned the Modi government against pursuing the path of divisiveness. Trump, instead, was all praise for Modi.

The Congress recently alleged that the BJP “abducted” some MLAs to bring down the Kamal Nath government in the state. However, the BJP denied the allegation which it claimed was the result of “infighting” among Congress leaders.

It is clear that this matter was created & delayed for political benefit. 

I want a speedy trial in a fast-track court so that the entire country gets to know how a law like Sedition is being misused,” Kanhaiya’s tweet said.

Delaying tactics by Mr. Nath with more than a little help from the Speaker, who has adjourned the Assembly until March 26, go against democratic principles.

Experts warn the controversial law, passed by India’s ruling Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party in December 2019, is taking India to a point of no return, marked by a major shift away from the country’s secular and religiously tolerant system. 

The bill could further widen the gap between Hindus and minority Muslims in the country, leading to a dangerous escalation in communal violence, they said.

I won't let those forces succeed which are creating instability with mafia's help... which are creating instability in government, a government created by people of Madhya Pradesh

"BJP MLA Arvind Bhadoriya and an MP are holding them captive. 

Why can't I meet my MLAs, my voters (for Rajya Sabha election), my own party people? What is the BJP doing in between?" he said.

Mr. Shivakumar has called the charges against him “baseless and politically motivated” and blamed the Narendra Modi-led government for framing him on “false charges.”

This route by-passes the Anti-Defection law but the financial and moral corruption involved in this is only far too evident.

Mr. Gandhi stepped down owning moral responsibility for the party’s defeat in the Lok Sabha elections

Modi has pursued his party’s agenda of Hindu primacy in India amid a dramatically slowing economy

Congress leader Digvijaya Singh has claimed that BJP leader Shivraj Singh Chouhan is trying to destabilise the Kamal Nath government of Madhya Pradesh just ahead of the Rajya Sabha election.

Rahul who also has good intent at heart, zero baggage and consistently takes an aggressive stand in fighting against the might of the BJP

Protests over the Narendra Modi government’s handling of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) peaked and the capital slipped into widespread arson, looting and murder

Solapur police last week registered a case of cheating and forgery against Shivacharya for allegedly submitting a fake caste certificate with his election affidavit for the Lok Sabha elections last year

The exit of a high profile leader like Jyotiraditya Scindia from the party indicates its moribund state and the short-sightedness of the leadership.

The BJP was trying to topple a democratically elected government in Madhya Pradesh through horse-trading

Scindia saw his stature in his home state being reduced to nil as the Congress "high command" - pretty much the Gandhi family - refused to intervene

I thank the BJP central leaders for nominating me. Their gesture proof for itself their love and concern for Manipur

The Opposition parties in Punjab have termed the claims of ‘achievements’ by the ruling Congress government on completion of three years in office as a pack of lies and accused it of failing to fulfil its election promises.

The development came against the backdrop of the ruling party accusing the BJP of trying to poach its MLAs to topple the Kamal Nath-led government, which enjoys a wafer-thin majority in the House, and imminent expansion of the state Cabinet.

Former Union Minister Jyotiraditya Scindia on Wednesday formally joined the BJP after resigning from the primary membership of the Congress on Tuesday and lauded the leadership of Prime Minister Modi. He termed the Congress being in “denial” about reality.

it is high time Rahul Gandhi comes back as party president as he is the most acceptable leader

BJP's tendency to make false allegations for political gains ahead of every election

It was a pogrom driven by Congress goons

The Indian government has been emphasising that the new law will not deny any citizenship rights

The government says the bill will protect persecuted minorities, but critics say it is discriminatory and violates the country's secular constitution

It is only the Congress party that has always looked at the face of the common man or woman and worked towards his or her concerns, said Sibal

They expressed their angst against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and the National Register of Citizens (NRC), the ills of globalisation, and the discriminatory caste system.

You did not protect the poor and the deprived. You did not bring back black money, nor did you release enough funds for Karnataka. You kept on lying and misled people. Other people may sing your praises, but I will not,

advised him to read it to understand the “dangerous” implications of the new citizenship law passed.

This second victory is not a realisation of that promise. Instead, it confirms that this new player has learned the rules of the game better than the older players, and proven that you don’t need a new model of governance or vision to succeed in India’s politics.”

Going against the party line, Tripathi had voted in favour of a Bill introduced by the ruling Congress party in Madhya Pradesh last year

Why is the ED only submitting and leaking the report when they could send Singh to jail for the next 20 years.

I feel that the Citizenship Amendment Act needs a revamp. They should either include Muslims or remove other names. Make it inclusive.

Shah said the Opposition knows only how to oppose everything, “whether it is Article 370, Ram Mandir, CAA or Triple Talaq”.

India has always believed in the principle of equal respect for all faiths. However, at the time of Partition, this very belief of India and of its people came under the most severe attack

The party will also not implement the proposed National Register of Citizens (NRC) and the existing form of the National Population Register (NPR), if voted to power in Delhi

Defending the CAA, Shah accused Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal and Congress leader Rahul Gandhi of “misleading” the city 

 They have incited riots in Delhi, provoked and incited people, misled them into burning buses, people’s vehicles. Delhi will not be safe if these people are elected again,

The Home Minister also said the Kejriwal government only managed to top the chart of “liars” while other government’s top it for services such as pure water, electrification and road construction.

hey have been taught by AAP and Congress leaders who deliver speeches there…They are spreading canard and playing vote bank politics on CAA

They alleged that the CAA and NRC had been designed to isolate deprived communities and make them develop a sense of Statelessness and landlessness in their own homeland.

Terming the CAA, which excludes Muslims from its ambit, as communal, Mr. Hadimani said it would work diagonally opposite to the secularism enshrined in the Constitution. 

Referring to the ongoing massive rallies and agitations against the CAA and NRC across the country, Krishnapa Karinika, another leader, said the Centre was insensitive to people’s woes.

Campaign gets dirty in Delhi BJP ups nationalistic fervour, turns to Shaheen Bagh to polarise elections

Verma in a public meeting termed the Delhi chief minister a "terrorist"

If the government wants to carry out the filtration process, it should be limited only to Assam and its neighbouring States

The Congress is a party which always wanted, welcomed and supported the grant of citizenship to Hindus and other communities. What we are opposed to is why should we deny citizenship to a particular community

It only wants to beat a political horse to try and divide the society for cheap political gains,

There are attempts to create chaos and confusion and government would be happy to get off the hook by creating of all types of misinterpretations 

I believe the CAA is unconstitutional. Every state assembly has the constitutional right to pass a resolution and seek its withdrawal

The destruction of spaces for questioning and dissent destroys the basis of all growth – political, economic, cultural and social. In this sense, dissent is a safety valve of democracy

The [mob] attack in JNU (Jawaharlal Nehru University) made me realise that the country is in danger.

What we want is education, jobs, better healthcare and a higher GDP (Gross Domestic Product) — and not CAA,

BJP workers to “convince the Muslim brothers that we are not taking away their citizenship, and the misleading information is by the Opposition."

Citizenship (Amendment) Act, nor NRC would not hurt Indian Muslims

If we don’t leave our homes now, those who want to implement CAA will remove us from our homes

Just because BJP has got the majority doesn't mean they can do whatever they want

If the BJP has guts, it should go for a United Nations-monitored referendum on the issue of Citizenship Amendment Act and the NRC.

I remember your confession to me about how the current BJP leadership has humiliated you

You maintained that the BJP is leading India into a ‘dangerous space’ and is destroying institutions 

Senior Congress leader M.M. Hasan said here on Sunday that President Ramnath Kovind had insulted Mahatma Gandhi yet again by ascribing the Citizenship (Amendment) Act (CAA) to the Father of the Nation.

The government is not even able to provide us employment, how will it give jobs to the refugees

WHEN RAHUL Gandhi stepped down as Congress president following the party’s humiliating defeat in the Lok Sabha polls last May

The BJP played smart and now seems to have secured two seats for itself.

it goes beyond that and shows the party as a weak challenger to the BJP.

The saffron party is likely to stake claim to form the government in Madhya Pradesh

Jyotiraditya Scindia's departure from Congress has not only revealed fault lines within the party, but also brought to fore a paralysed decision making process and disconnect between the Congress high command and the realities on the ground

the BJP was "buying out" legislators by giving them Rs 20-60 crore each.

These protests happening at various places in Delhi are not about the CAA, but it is happening because those people are questioning as to how can India emerge as a major power in the world, and to stop that rising India

More than a month into the protests against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, the CPI(M) seems to have been drawing support from a large section of the Muslim community, which has traditionally supported the Congress-led UDF.

Similarly, students of high schools and higher secondary schools will recite the preamble under the guidance of the principal during the ‘bal sabha’, which is held every Saturday,” he said. The move to make students read out the preamble to the Constitution comes at a time when large-scale protests are being held against the Citizenship (Amendment) Act (CAA) and the likely National Register of Citizens (NRC).

Anupriya Patel (Apna Dal) demanded that the government set up All India Judicial Services Commission to ensure representation of the backward community in the judiciary.

Wrong has been done with all of you, and we have to stand against this injustice

The government is harassing students and it is shameful

Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath, who has been in the center of controversy for his communally divisive statements, has another one to add to his account. In an interview to a foreign publication, he said that Muslims who chose to stay in India when it was partitioned did the country "no favours."

While speaking at the four-day Kerala Literature Festival in Kozhikode, Sibal, on Saturday, had said, “You’re sending a message to the Union of India that all states are unhappy with CAA-NRC-NPR, wish they listen to the message. However, since the CAA is passed, no state can say that they won’t implement it. It is impossible and unconstitutional. You can pass a resolution in the Assembly and ask the central government to withdraw it,” while also adding, “However say for a state to say that they won’t implement it would be constitutionally problematic. It is only going to create more difficulties.

Last month, at least 80 Muslim leaders of the BJP in Madhya Pradesh resigned from the party’s primary membership in protest against the CAA, calling it a “divisive” measure.

He said what India needs today is “not amendment to citizenship law but a law on refugees”.

The new citizenship law allows Hindu, Christian, Parsi, Jain, Sikh, and Buddhist immigrants to acquire Indian citizenship if they arrived in the country before 2015.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi, however, has clarified that no Indian Muslim has anything to worry about regarding the law “as it seeks to grant citizenship, not snatch it”.

Shah also attacked opposition leaders for "misleading" people on CAA.

Shrinking revenue

The local Samajwadi Party workers had demanded an apology from Congress over the posters which questioned the silence of the SP Chief on the matter. However, contrary to the claims of Congress workers, Akhilesh Yadav had condemned the police action over anti-CAA protesters in Azamgarh and had also formed a committee to enquire the alleged police action on female protesters.

Thackeray blamed the ongoing protests against the CAA and the NRC on the "lack of proper understanding" of the issues.

"The impugned Act creates two classifications, viz, classification on basis of religion and the classification on the basis of geography and both the classifications are completely unreasonable and share no rational nexus to the object of the impugned Act i.e., to provide shelter, safety and citizenship to communities who in their native country are facing persecution on grounds of religion," the plea said.

the plural and secular basis of Indian citizenship has allowed India to evolve an international reputation of being an inclusive society. India stood out not just in South Asia, which has large number of theocratic states with preferred state religions such as Pakistan (Islam), Srilanka (Buddhism), Bangladesh (lslam) and Bhutan (Buddhism) but also as a potential inclusive world leader. Countries that discriminate among their own populations do not have a history of emerging as global leaders.

The opportunity that the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) sniffed in the protests is not to reach out and reconcile, but to confront and polarise, particularly in the campaign for the Delhi Assembly election.

BJP MLA Narayan Tripathi went against the party line and spoke out against Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) on Tuesday, saying that the country should not be divided in the name of religion and cautioning that Muslims are distancing themselves because of the new law."There are issues in the country, like jobs and development, which are to be addressed

“The defence has argued… that on December 20, 2019, at around 10 am, the police took him into custody. He has said that the police has falsely implicated him. It is argued that time of arrest can be verified by the CCTV installed near the house. The accused has also placed a copy of the CCTV footage of the arrest. The accused has also stated that the FIR has been registered at 3.30 pm. There are also news report that the arrest took place on December 20,” the court said.

The Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and the National Citizens Register (NRC) were a key part of the election manifesto of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ruling Hindu nationalist party.

In the complaint filed on January 26, Rakshyal saw a video of the play on social media in which students were allegedly used to promote an “anti-national” act and enact a scene that involved hitting a picture of the Prime Minister to depict opposition to the CAA.

Last week Kerala became the first state to move the Supreme Court against the Citizenship Amendment Act, or CAA. The decision opened another front in the war with the Governor, who hit back by demanding a report and said it was "improper" of Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan's government to approach the top court without informing him.

Though the CAA in no way alters the legal status of any Indian citizen, this spurious narrative allowed the organisers and vested interests to use ‘secularism’, ‘defence of the Constitution’, ‘flag-waving’, ‘Preamble-reading’ and ‘anthem-singing’ as covers to play their political games and meet partisan objectives.

“In addition, the Indian government has taken other troubling steps that threaten the rights of certain religious minorities and the secular character of the state. This includes the passage ofthe controversial Citizenship Amendment Act which is being challenged in India’s Supreme Court,” the Senators wrote.

“No one can separate Muslims from India.” He later accused the Congress of spreading misinformation on CAA.

"Secularism is the basic foundation of the Indian Constitution and which can't be changed. It is clearly mentioned in the Constitution that India is a secular country. Besides, Article 14 of the Constitution grants equality to all citizens of the country under the law," reads the resolution by the state Cabinet.

Mr. Modi and Mr. Shah have misled the people on the CAA and the NRC. They tried to manipulate people with their provocative statements while remaining insensitive to the protests and violence that spread across the country.

CAA discriminates people on religious grounds

He said the CAA was a blatant violation of the Constitution, and that it should be defeated through peaceful and persistent protests.

The majority in Parliament is not a licence for the Bharatiya Janata Party Government to ravage the Constitution

In an election meeting in east Delhi's Kondli, he continued his attack on the ruling AAP in Delhi and the Congress, saying they opposed the BJP on issues like Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA), Ram temple in Ayodhya, abrogation of provisions of Article 370 due to fear of their "vote bank".

Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) chief and Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) leader on January 23 said Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Kamal Nath will be dragged by his collar if he addresses an election rally in the city.

The management of Shaheen School was also booked for "promoting enmity between different groups" under Sections 124(A) and 153(A) of the Indian Penal Code

Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday warned that street protests and arson against decisions of Parliament and state assemblies and people's refusal to accept laws will lead to anarchy, as he accused the Congress and other opposition parties of inciting protests against the CAA and the NPR.

Bahujan Samaj Party president Mayawati on Tuesday pitched for granting “refuge” to Pakistani Muslims who faced atrocities in their country

Support for CAA is widespread and growing, and will help in framing future battles as contests over the issue of whether India should provide citizenship to Hindus and other religious minorities who have been victims of persecution in neighbouring Islamic countries

Without making any attempt they have turned the CAA, NRC protests into us versus them."They have turned (the protests) into a Hindu versus Muslim.

he criticized the BJP leaders for their criticism of Mahatma Gandhi as also their assertion that those opposed to the Citizenship Amendment Act and National Register of Citizens should be shot

The BJP leadership should ensure that its representatives took back their comments which were not in the interest of democracy.

A democracy welded to the ideal of reason and deliberation ensures that minority opinions are not strangulated and ensures that every outcome is not a result merely of numbers but of a shared consensus

Market sentiment was already weak in the country due to the ongoing protests related to CAA and NRC and the outbreak of coronavirus was adding salt on the wounds.

Apart from ‘attempt to murder’ in some, most FIRs list charges of rioting, unlawful assembly, mischief causing damage, mischief by explosive substance, dacoity, and criminal intimidation

The resolution urged the Centre to roll back the CAA, the NRC and the NPR.

The controversial Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) seeks to grant citizenship to illegal immigrants from three neighbouring Islamic countries, except Muslims.

The law excludes Muslims.

two parties of “inciting Muslims” against the Act and “instigating riots” in Delhi

Firstly, it violates Article 14 of the Constitution, which says nobody should be denied equality before the law. Secondly, it also violates Article 15, which prohibits discrimination on grounds of religion, race, caste, sex or place of birth,” he said

the CAA, National Register of Citizens of India, and the National Population Register, were not only against Muslims, but also was detrimental to the poor, Dalits, and Adivasis.

Union Home Minister Amit Shah on February 13 said speeches like goli maro and ‘Indo-Pak match’ should not have been made by BJP leaders during the recent Delhi Assembly election campaign and that such remarks may have resulted in the party’s defeat.

Several BJP leaders have taken the path of criticising dissent by resorting to bizarre and politically incorrect language

Those who are opposing the Citizenship (Amendment) Act are mentally affected. Such people should get medical treatment

he Jharkhand BJP on Sunday said the National Register of Citizens (NRC) will protect the rights of minorities of the country which have been “taken away” by Bangladeshi infiltrators

The BJP leader also accused the opposition parties of indulging in appeasement politics as they were “unable to fathom” the developmental initiatives undertaken by the central government.

Yechury added that the "divide and rule" police practised by the BJP and the RSS is aimed at dividing Indians on the basis of clothes, food, gender, faith and other faultlines they create.

An India Today report which quoted doctors has claimed that as many as 10 women have been manhandled by police and are being treated.

“During the anti-CAA protests, only Muslims were killed,” he said and claimed that there was firing by police and BJP men during the peaceful protests.

While the father of our nation was assassinated by 3 bullets, the nation’s survival is now at the mercy of 3 bullets – #CAA_NRC_NPR

This is not the first time that BJP Karnataka's Twitter handle has come under fire for a contentious tweet

Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said the Citizenship Amendment Act ( CAA ) will not have any effect on the people of Assam and North-East region.

After the CAA and NRC issues, "lives of Muslims have become more difficult"

The Chhattisgarh Cabinet has decided to move a resolution against the new citizenship law in the upcoming budget session of the Assembly. Chief Minister Bhupesh Baghel has, meanwhile, urged Prime Minister Narendra Modi to withdraw the Act.

I have a feeling that the shooter was either a supporter of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) or was from Shaheen Bagh itself

Police in Uttar Pradesh has arrested 108 members of the Popular Front of India in the last four days for their alleged involvement in protests against the anti-citizenship law, a senior official said on February 3.

 States that are adopting resolutions not to implement the Citizenship (Amendment) Act are committing a blunder against the Constitution and exhorted them not to commit such a mistake.

The Parliament, simply because the party in power has majority, cannot enact laws which are antithetical to the tenets of the Constitution

Protests against the CAA and the proposed NRC had taken a violent turn in Jamia and AMU, when the police had entered the university campuses on 15 December. Several students and teachers had been injured in the ensuing violence, sparking protests across the country.

Coming down heavily on the Congress in Lok Sabha , the BJP on Monday accused the opposition party of indulging in vote bank politics and creating problems like Article 370 during its rule.

resolution in the Assembly to revoke the controversial Act

everybody has the right to express views on the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA), but "the resolution of the issue must be through Constitutional means"

Those opposing the CAA contend that it discriminates on the basis of religion and violates the Constitution. 

India dropped to the 51st position in the Democracy Index 2019 - a list of the most and least democratic countries in the world 

Uttar Pradesh Police of using pressure tactics to crush the democratic rights of citizens to protest peacefully.

he Act is a "brazen attack" on core fundamental rights envisaged under the Constitution and treats "equals as unequal"

On the eve of India’s 71st Republic Day, President Ram Nath Kovind Saturday urged the youth of the country to remain non-violent and remember Gandhi’s gift of “Ahimsa” (non-violence) when fighting for a cause.

the government told Parliament that it will not send children excluded from the NRC to detention centres if their parents have been included in the register of citizens.

the government on Tuesday told Parliament that detected infiltration through the India-Bangladesh border has dropped by over 60 per cent since 2015

BJP leader H. Raja slammed the attack on police personnel, in which four including a woman Joint Commissioner sustained injuries

Congress stands for inclusiveness and is the only viable and reliable alternative to the "divisive politics" of the BJP.

The court said it will not grant any stay on CAA without hearing the Centre on the matter.

Those opposing the amended law say it discriminates on the basis of religion and violates the Constitution. They also allege that the CAA, along with the proposed pan-India National Register of Citizens (NRC), is intended to target India’s Muslim community.

The sedition charges slapped against JNU scholar Sharjeel Imam, who was arrested from Jehanabad in Bihar, after multiple videos allegedly showing him making incendiary remarks and threatening the integrity of Indian state surfaced on social media, have raised the age-old debate over free speech all over again.

Samajwadi Party (SP) president Akhilesh Yadav on Monday called the Centre’s plans on NPR and NRC anti-poor and pitched for conducting a caste census.

India’s “democratic regression” is on account of developments in J&K as well as on the CAA-NRC front. Moreover, all this is against the backdrop of a poor year for democracy in the world at large.

India falls to 51st spot in EIU’s Democracy Index, China at 153

The protesters have been vociferously calling our Prime Minister Narendra Modi to meet them over the issue

Government is ready to talk to protestors of Shaheen Bagh but then it should be in a structured form and the @narendramodi govt is ready to communicate with them and clear all their doubts they have against CAA.

CAA is to grant citizenship and not to annul it. After the Partition of 1947 on religious lines, India and Pakistan came into existence

A controversial booklet on Savarkar and the RSS, allegedly distributed in an All India Congress Seva Dal training camp run by the Congress in Bhopal, had claimed that Savarkar had a physical relationship with Nathuram Godse, the assassin of Mahatma Gandhi.

The protesters are also demanding the withdrawal of “false” FIRs lodged against them during protests against the police excesses

Congress on Thursday said the Nehru-Liaquat agreement of 1950 explicitly mentioned that citizenship would be religion-neutral as it accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of misleading the house to justify the controversial CAA Congress

the right to protest peacefully is guaranteed under Article 19 of the Constitution

The speaker's letter to Sassoli comes after close to 600 lawmakers in the 751-member European Parliament moved six resolutions against the CAA, saying the enactment of the law marked a dangerous shift in India's citizenship regime.

The notion of Indianness is being conflated with Hinduness

The PM also launched a scathing attack on the Congress, accusing it of fuelling communal divide in the country by misleading Muslims on CAA

protests against Citizenship (Amendment) Act or CAA in Delhi’s Shaheen Bagh is not a coincidence, but an experiment by the Opposition parties to disturb the peaceful environment in the national capital

Shaheen Bagh has become a source of untiring energy for a community, which had silently watched a spate of lynchings, harassment and systematic political exclusion over the past several years.

accused the BJP of practising politics of hatred.

